# Modified-Cheapest-Insertion-Heuristic
Arranging the sequence of places to visit is the common problem that tourists or foreigners encountered when visiting a new site, especially for foreigners that visit Medan City. This kind of case similar to Traveling Salesman Problem cases. Therefore we could use one of the modified TSP algorithm to solve it, which is Modified Cheapest Insertion Heuristics. The Modified Cheapest Insertion is a method to insert the cheapest weight starting from 2 points of place until all of the sites are being connected from the starting point until the endpoint. The strength of Modified Cheapest Insertion Heuristics is the calculation will remain stable even for a large number of inputs. In this research, all of the desired-to-visit places are being connected as a route. Arranging the sequence of places to visit is the common problem that tourists or foreigners encountered when visiting a new site, especially for foreigners that visit Medan City. This kind of case similar to Traveling Salesman Problem cases. Therefore we could use one of the modified TSP algorithm to solve it, which is Modified Cheapest Insertion Heuristics. The Modified Cheapest Insertion is a method to insert the cheapest weight starting from 2 points of place until all of the sites are being connected from the starting point until the endpoint. The strength of Modified Cheapest Insertion Heuristics is the calculation will remain stable even for a large number of inputs. In this research, all of the desired-to-visit places are being connected as a route. 
